Game Rules		
Overview	
	The game is a military strategy game, where players buy and deploy assets, then employ those assets with the goal of destroying the enemy citadel while defending their own
	The game is played between a red player and a blue player 	
	Each player will be allocated 125 points with which to purchase assets	
	The game starts with a deployment phase, where purchased assets are deployed	
		
Scoring 		
	Each player starts with 100 victory points	
	The game ends when the first player hits 0 victory points	
	5 victory points are automatically lost per turn taken, regardless of policy chosen. Players cannot pass their turn
	If a player’s citadel is destroyed, they instantly loose 100 points; ending the game	
	The object is to drive your opponent to 0 victory points while preserving your victory points	
		
Board	
    The Game is played on a 10x20 grid. 	
	Each player is allowed to deploy their assets to one half of the board inside a 10x10 area	

Turns
    Players take turns in sequence
    On each turn, a player can undertake policies such as launching offensive/ defensive assets, or launching scouting assets
    Each mobile asset can move up to the manhattan distance defined by its "speed". Movement occurs at the end of a turn
    Players can "pilot" offensive, defensive, and scouting assets. For a given mobile asset, a player is allowed to choose a tile reachable this turn (defined by the asset's speed), the asset will move to the specified tule during the movement phase. 
    A player's turn is over when they have chosen all of their desired policies. At this point, assets are moved according to their instructions, combat is resolved, scouting results are revealed, then it is the opponents turn. 

Combat
    If two assets from opposing teams end a turn on the same tile, both are destroyed. 
    If a hostile offensive asset ends a turn on a launch site, the launch site along with any friendly dynamic assets deployed to it are destroyed. 
    
Scouting
    If a hostile asset is within the "visibility range" of a friendly scouting asset when scouting results are revealed, it is considered "seen".
    If an enemy asset is seen, its type and location will be visible until it moves or is destroyed. 
    Mobile scouting assets (recon satellite and plane) have 0 visibility range until a player chooses to launch them on their turn. 

	
Asset Types		
Static Assets	Immobile bases	
	Citadel	Home base. One is given for free and must be deployed. 
	Launch Site 	Required to launch offensive assets, defensive assets, and mobile scouting assets
		
Offensive assets	Used to attack enemy assets. Can travel the manhattan distance defined by the “speed” column at every turn 	
	ICBM: long range missile	
	Cruise missile: shorter range, slower missile	
	Artillery: short range, cheap option 	
		
Defensive assets:	Used to defend friendly static and scouting assets. Can be used to either destroy incoming offensive assets or incoming scouting assets. 	
	Long Range Interceptor: long range, fast defensive missile	
	short range interceptor: shorter range, slower defensive missile	
	point defense interceptor: very short range defensive missile 	
		
Scouting assets:	Used to reveal the location of enemy assets, as well as incoming enemy offensive assets: Each reveals all enemy assets in a square centered around the asset, definied by the visibility range column	
	Recon satellite: expensive, fast recon asset	
	recon plane: cheaper, slower asset	
	long range radar: immobile radar	
	short range radar: shorter range, immobile radar. 	
		

Gameplay	
    Deployment phase	
		happens in secret, players have no visibility into the opponent’s strategy
		Players purchase assets
		Players deploy assets. All mobile assets must be deployed to a launch site
        Static assets (launch site, radar, citadel) cannot be co-located. Multiple dynamic assets can be deployed to a single launch site
        Before the game phase, any enemy assets inside the visibility range of a friendly scouting asset
		
	Game Phase	
		Before any turns are taken, any enemy assets within visiblity range of a friendly scouting asset are relvealed
		For each turn, A player chooses policies, such as launching assets
        A player can choose as many or as few policies as desired
		Turns are taken in sequence until one player hits zero victory points, at which point they lose. 

